Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, you're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers. Our top
stories, Asian equities rise after
stocks and bonds rally on Wall Street as
investors await Friday's US jobs report.
Traders almost fully pricing in a Fed
rate cut this month.
>> Chinese stocks remain in focus with
corporate earnings pointing to a fragile
rally as authorities move to slow the
gains are speaking to CLSA and BFA about
their outlooks this morning. Plus, our
scoop on how China's Deep Seek is
working on an AI model with more
advanced features to compete with US
rivals.
[Music]
Well, coming into the morning session, I
think you can see here there's really a
fair bit of positivity across the
screen. strong session on Wall Street
overnight. We were just talking about
how you had those moves in stocks and
bonds, but it is that anticipation of
what we see for the jobs report coming
up. We'll get more on that, of course,
the movement that we've seen yields
pulling back at at the short end of the
curve. But generally, what you've got
for equities today is that movement to
the upside, watching the nic particular
because it has been leading in the
session so far. President Trump, as we
were just saying there, has signed that
executive order to implement the Japan
trade or tariff deal as well. Taiwan
also moving a little bit to the upside
here. Again, maybe it's more of that
movement back into tech. Actually,
speaking of tech, we had President
Trump, for instance, just in the last
hour or so, hosting a a a range of
different big tech CEOs at the White
House, but certainly making that point
uh that the US he says is leading in AI.
What's interesting, of course, is
DeepSc, we had that scoop that they're
looking to release an agentic AI model.
But let's take a look, as I said, at
what's happening in the bond space
because it has been that move back down
in yields a little bit. We've got the
2-year yield here sitting around its
lowest point in a year. It's that
expectation. We get that jobs report
coming up, but so far what we've had in
private payrolls data, what we've had in
the Jolts data as well really tells us
that that Fed rate cut is pretty much
fully priced in right now, it's only
going to be perhaps a really hot
inflation print later this month. That
could test that case as well. So, that's
what we're seeing here for yields.
Again, mostly retreating at the front
end. Uh shifting now to the outlook for
Chinese markets. We are looking to a
little bit of upside at the open. As I
said, that scoop we had on Deep Seek
preparing an agentic AI tool. It's going
to be an interesting one I think for
markets. We might see some movement
given that we've had so much optimism
around I mean R1 of course for Deepseek
in January. But just any sort of updates
we get from deepseek can be enough to
sort of spark a rally in equities. But
at the same time, what does this also
mean for the likes of Alibaba?
Yeah, certainly that the AI race
continues to heat up and and I think any
sort of update from DeepSeek is is
something that is quite sensitive to the
market right now. We saw that with that
update just a few weeks ago. Uh so
certainly we'll see what this agent and
what it can actually mean in terms of AI
capabilities and the like. So certainly
that's one potential catalyst here today
amidst this sort of stock selloff that
we saw yesterday where we basically saw
uh 1 to 2% losses there uh when it comes
to hang as well as in onore markets
here. So, we'll see if we see day two of
that after what our scoop had mentioned
there that regulators are looking for
some cooling measures to kind of slow
down this rally. There's a CGB sale here
today. We talk about tech stocks given
what we're seeing uh overall in in the
region and the US. We might see a
different story today just given that
China has been heading the opposite
direction from the rest of the world uh
as of yesterday. Cameracon, that's the
one to watch as well. It was a 14, I
believe, percent drop yesterday. That
was the most in nearly eight months as
well. So, that's still that weariness
over the recent surge in tech stocks.
that certainly is still a key focus here
and we're still watching oil today of
course as we get into that OPEC meeting
this weekend as well. But yeah, it
brings a lot of discussion here on where
do we stand now in this whole liquidity
driven rally.
>> Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think what's
been sort of the most interesting thing
is that you've continued to see that
divergence optimism around stocks but
question marks and concerns around the
US economy and also what kind of theme
would develop out of earnings and would
that be enough to justify another leg
high? that actually when you take a look
what we've seen so far I mean it's
combined losses actually for for
earnings in the latest period as well I
think you're looking at non-financial
quarters for instance that's a combined
loss overall I mean some gains but muted
when you look from the quarter prior
>> yeah the China second quarter has been
quite telling so far right you're not
seeing maybe the justification for this
rally as you mentioned the
non-financials have underperformed
because of stubborn deflation the like
but when you look at financials you look
at AI related themes those still remain
those rare bright spots and it's a lot
of why investors are saying, "I still
have reason to stay in this market
because of all the different themes out
there. I don't have to really focus too
much on the macro right now."
>> Yeah. Uh let's get more on this story
now. Bring in Sean Cochran. He's head of
research at CLSA. And Sean, I mean,
thanks for joining us in the studio. And
I think we can let you lead the
conversation here. I mean, what's sort
of standing out to you right now? What
are you noticing the most in in markets
today? Well, the conversation you're
just having is really it, which is
there's this real conundrum, which is if
we look at the macro, we've got uh the
US is this big leading economy that's
just generally slowing down, but the
recession that people thought might come
years ago, including myself, never came.
Uh and so the market has just kept
moving forward. So the question is
what's really driving the US leadership
and how does that relate to China? If we
think about the US leadership, we've got
an environment where it's really some
dominant stocks that's dragged the
market higher and it's a dominant theme
which is that with the rise of AI, you
get this enormous capex boom which is a
huge part of GDP growth. It's the most
volatile part of GDP and it just
sustains that underpinning where the
economy is in aggregate actually okay
but uh large parts of the economy are
not enjoying the benefits of that rise
and so you get this sort of bifocation
of the performance and the confusion
just why is the market up yet the macro
is mixed. So that gives you the uh the
American side of the equation and the
Chinese side is similar in that if we
look at where uh China started uh the I
was here some time ago where we talked
about we were quite bullish on China not
because this the market was doing well
it had just become so cheap. So we have
to remember part of China's excellent
performance over the last 12 months is
really because it was a very cheap
market and when markets become that
cheap so little expectation in prices
then of course flow will move in that
direction. So that's helped China. But
equally, the deepseek moment opened the
world's mind to could China play a
fundamental role in this new AI thing.
>> Regulators are trying to at least slow
the rally as we're trying to as we've
been reporting as well. Do you think
it's going to work or do you think this
actually spark some sort of deeper
correction? Uh yeah look if we look at
the state of the rally our technician is
fundamentally bullish on China feels
that it has broken out and we had these
cheap um uh sort of valuations to start
it which means we are not yet into
expensive territory such that you would
have to worry the market has been very
much about some liquidity support as
you've mentioned earlier there's not
strong pervasive uh fundamentals across
the entire economy uh doing
exceptionally well it's about the steady
improvement and the removal of the
concern that China was going to have a
meaningful slowdown. Now, if we combine
it with this uh AI improvement, then you
get this concentration of performance
where people get quite positive about
the tech sector, less negative about
everything else and it can drag the
whole market up.
>> We've got this chart here behind you and
it's talking about that US cumulative
fiscal deficit. I mean, how does that
also play into what you were saying
there about that sort of spending that
we see?
>> So, the fun what's really interesting
about the nature of how this cycle has
evolved is that this has been an
incredibly long cycle. It's gone on for
well over a decade which is unusual and
within that we've had a fundamental
transition in what drives liquidity in
markets. Uh from the 80s up until the
2000s it was really a liquiditydriven
environment uh where the changes in
liquidity uh pricing was fundamentally
important to what was driving the
market. But since the co period what you
can see in that chart is that you have
this period where uh in 2020 and 2021
there's this enormous government spend
coming out of the US and the rest of the
world did it but the US in particular
did it at scale and this was a logical
response to this exceptional challenge
of the arrival of co that then shifted
things in that we had this fiscal
dominance narrative that moved and it
moved the overton window in so far as
what's acceptable in terms of how much
money a government can spend which moves
us into this fiscal dominance where It's
very hard to express the downside that
recession that never came. If there's
this wall of spending that continues to
come, then it's very hard for that
downside expression to come. The usual
cycles are not really playing out.
>> And and so what does that lead us when
it comes to the curve? I mean, the
steepening seems to be the way to
express that here. Right now, we have
two-year yields in the US are now the
lowest all year in the past year, I
would say. Is that steepening trend can
that continue?
>> Right. So there's a couple of dynamics
um embedded in the shape of the curve in
so far as uh the long end of the curve
has not really come off as much as the
growth concerns have slowly built with
the passage of time. Uh and the short
end of the curve the expectations
continue to build as you mentioned
earlier there's conviction in the market
that a cut is coming in the near term.
So ultimately that's expressing those
two things which is the short end of the
curve is saying the conviction in the
quality of the growth is not
particularly high and then outside of
that the long end of the curve is saying
we we are concerned about the lack of
fiscal discipline.
So I mean concerns about the lack of
fiscal discipline then and how how does
that exactly play out do you think I
mean you're talking about sort of fiscal
spending that continues to come so you
can't have that expression of a downward
revision in the economy but but I mean
that must reach ahead at some point
>> correct yeah which is the fundamental
question for markets and the challenge
is there is um a US technician Richard
Russell unfortunately he's passed away
but he used to say the market always
does what it should but never when you
think it will. So the challenge is these
things can just go on far longer than
anyone expects. The the simple reality
is the state of the US fiscal position
is such that um any sort of real
fracture in the immediate term is
unlikely. The the debt to GDP, the
liquidity ratios, we're not clearly at a
point where this could really break some
sort of treasury price expression. The
other thing to remember is if we were to
have challenges in treasury markets
anywhere in the world. Uh yes, it can
express in the relative uh uh term
structure. So the the yield price in the
long term and the short term but it's
more likely to express in currencies
especially for the US in so far as uh
central banks can purchase their own
treasuries and manage their treasury
markets. Where you're likely to see the
capital flow express itself is in the
price of the currencies.
>> It seems like investors are have shifted
dramatically towards you know focus on
the labor market.
>> Yep.
>> How are we looking at this jobs report?
Are we going to be should we be worried
about more revisions like we saw last
month? Well, I mean, when I speak to my
clients, I advise them non-farm payrolls
is important in so far as the market
will react to it, but there's li limited
valuable information there in so far as
there's much more short-term data these
days. We can look at all sorts of sites
that can provide us that. I personally
find the initial claims far more useful
because it's uh subject to less
revisions. Uh it's more frequent in
terms of the data, but ultimately it's
back to the original point, which is
there's this slow deceleration going on
in the state of the US economy. We've
got the pushing of this continued spend
which means it's not accelerating to the
downside which would normally be the
usual cycle and should we should expect
that it continues to decelerate. Now
importantly there's a critical mass of
jobs that the economy must create
otherwise it creates problems
unemployment will go up and that will
trigger a cycle and that is ultimately
going to happen back to your question
when uh and so that's why I look at the
initial claims the longer you do this
the more you know you don't know and the
more you don't want to get too confident
that you can predict the future it's a
probabilistic game where we have to
think of all the possibilities and
weight our portfolio towards the more
likely ones that are not expressed in
the price
>> okay Sean we'll have more on on what's
not expressed just yet a head of
research at CLSA. And still ahead,
Morgan Stanley breaks down their new
report and why household deposits they
say aren't exactly flowing into equities
as quickly as some have anticipated.
They just came back from their mainland
trip as well. Robin Shing, their chief
China economist, joins us later on. And
we are counting down the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong as
we wrap up this trading week. Certainly
has been a big one about diplomacy,
military might in China as we wrapped up
this military parade. Futures though
seem to be suggesting we might see a bit
of a good day today. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're making it uh very easy for you in
terms of uh electric capacity and
getting it for you, getting your
permits. We're leading China by a lot by
a really by a great amount.
That was President Trump there speaking
at a White House dinner earlier
alongside US tech leaders. It was of
course an event early today in
Washington at the White House, but it
was I mean it was jam-packed stared. You
can see Mark Zuckerberg there, but there
was Bill Gates, there was Tim Cook,
there were the heads of Oracle, AMD, you
can see Lee Sue there in that blue suit.
But a really big meeting essentially uh
and it comes of course amid competition
between Silicon Valley Chinese tech
champions. And on that point from the
China side, Bloomberg's learned that
China's Deep Seek is developing a new
model with advanced AI agent features to
compete against US rivals like OpenAI.
Sam Alman actually was in attendance as
well. But let's dig into this uh with
newly newly panel, our tech reporter,
and uh yeah, this is a big one really
because they have had the R1 model. We
haven't really seen anything major from
Deep Seek since then. So, what do we
know about this agentic AI tool?
>> Yeah, right. I mean, this is Deepseek to
go back to the beginning of the year.
kind of surprised the world when they
released this LLM that seemed to be
pretty much as good as a lot of the U US
uh versions and it was for a developer a
fraction of the cost. So what they've
said now some great reporting by our
colleague Sarita Ray saying that they're
working on an agentic AI uh software
that could be released by the end of
this year um and what it would be
designed to do is compete with the likes
of OpenAI and some of these other
providers um into what's seen as kind of
the next phase of generative AI some of
these a aentic AI uh services that can
go out and do things for you not just
spit back text to you like an LLM but go
out and do things. So pretty exciting
for
>> for the non techies out there like
myself newly can can you explain what an
AI agent is and why are people so
excited about them?
>> Yeah it's sort of a fancy word for AI
that can actually do something in the
real world. So an LLM like chat GPT or
DeepSeek you enter text it spits back
text um based on its computations. Um
the idea with Agentic AI is it actually
acts as an agent for you. You can ask it
to and I've I've done this. I reviewed
another service um Manis a Chinese
founded service based in Singapore. And
um the idea is you ask it to do
something. It it will open a a browser
or something in the cloud that can go
out and scan the web, compile
information for you, um maybe even buy
things online for you, make bookings, uh
compile stuff into a spreadsheet or a
PowerPoint presentation and give it back
to you. So the idea is it's actually
like an assistant um like an agent for
you that can go out and do things
independently and give it back to you.
So you really could see how it could
spur some of these productivity gains
that people talk about generative AI
being able to do.
>> Yeah, I think that's in that report from
Serita, she was mentioning Goldman Sachs
saying that would be sort of the next
leg to really spur uh a lot of
productivity. But what does this mean
then for the bigger picture? I mean it's
competition that deepseek faces in China
but also against others that have
released a aentic tools too,
>> right? I mean, I think it could be when
we see this come out, it could be um it
could be another moment where people
say, well, look at all the money that
OpenAI and Google and Microsoft and
Anthropic and others are spending um and
if this really small scrappy startup
from China is able to do something
that's comparable um with fewer
resources um it maybe throw we'll throw
into a question again um the the power
of some of these other competing
services with all of the resources and
all of the years ahead that we assume
that the American AI uh companies are
supposed to be.
>> All right, Newie. Thank you. Nie Pernell
there, our Bloomberg Asia tech reporter.
Still with us is Sean Cochran, head of
research at CSA. Sean likes to put us on
the spot sometimes and tell us make this
chart now. This is the one you wanted me
to make. Our producers were scrambling
in the commercial break of the NASDAQ
versus S&P from 2009 till now.
>> And that tells us a little bit about
more about where this AI trade goes, I
guess. What what what does it suggest to
you? Well, there's two elements here.
There's the the fiscal element we talked
about a little bit earlier and then
there's that leadership um for AI. So,
if we cast the sort of if we look at
that movement in the market you can see
there's been these waves. So, the market
has a major wave and then it corrects uh
its first big correction was basically
as the economy was slowing down and
Trump comes along and says I'm going to
spend money and do tax cuts even though
the economy is okay. It wasn't actually
in recession. I'm going to spend it
changed that fiscal narrative we talked
about earlier. Then we move up into the
COVID period and we have a massive
correction in the in the po co period.
It doesn't look that big on the chart
but it was quite big at the time right
and in that environment you had that big
fiscal spend which further drives this
US exceptionalism and tech becomes the
dominant sector to buy because that's
the only sector can operate in that
time. Then we have an environment where
we have this thought of a big
correction. Now we talked about a fiscal
dominance chart earlier in the session
and there it was 2022 where there wasn't
much spent and so that's why you had
this huge correction. Two things came
along to put a a flaw in the market. One
was that the government just kept
spending again that fiscal dominance
return but two was the arrival of open
AI that gave us that big moment that had
the market driving forward which gave us
the capex boom that we see now which is
under underpinning the strength of the
economy and keeping that market keeping
on. The thing that caused a correction
not that long ago uh in in the AI sector
was the arrival of deepse in so far as
the US corrected because China came
along and showed oh we can do this too
and that opens some fundamental
questions about how do I think about AI
and there's lots we can unpack in there
in terms of foundational models versus
the layers and the agentic layers on top
and where is the competitive advantage.
>> Let's dig into that then because because
I think that's the point. I mean you
know that that theory makes sense in the
sense that yes you spend more so you get
more ROI and that and that makes sense
for that US dominance story but if China
can do more for less
>> right
>> what does that tell you then and and
where's the sort of strength that you
see in the Chinese AI landscape
>> okay so this is the fundamental question
how do we unpack it because so um we
have released a big report recently so
we're this time of year is important for
us it's the 32nd citic investors forum
for that some of our analysts released
their big reports of the year one of the
biggest reports for us was the token
tale which talks about how many tokens
which is the fundamental unit of compute
in AI do you need in the future today
we're running at about one quadrillion a
month so crazy numbers and our analyst
believes that goes to 80 quadrillion a
month and that's his best guess we don't
really know is the reality however
that's a huge demand for tokens now in
terms of how do we process those tokens
we use uh GPUs TPUs these fundamental
units of compute but then there's
productivity gains Now just the chips
themselves should get something like 27x
better over the next decade. So almost
having the amount of uh compute required
to deal with those tokens. But then
there's also what Deep Seek does which
is algorithmically how do I approach the
software in order to be able to do
things fundamentally more efficiently.
So they're breaking down into we talked
about the agentic units different parts
of AI that might call uh uh on a a
smaller model which consumes less tokens
to answer the same question but not only
answer the same question with less
tokens but answer it with more precision
which improves the efficiency of AI. So
this is the journey that we're going on
and so you can understand that
incredible volatility in a a stock in
these AI stocks. I've had some
skepticism myself and my Capricorn right
>> didn't talk about it month ago
>> right so the ultimately there's so many
open questions and it's understandable
that you'll get a very wide range of
opinions because the variables are so
wide
>> Sean really great having you on this
morning that was Sean Cochran there head
of research at CLSA and just as we've
been speaking now we've had a a breaking
headline crossing the terminal here but
Canada is looking to scrap its e EV
sales mandate and also launch a
regulatory review so we'll get more
details on on that just ahead. But just
to recap, Canada looking to to ax its
2026 EV sales mandate. Plenty more ahead
as we look ahead to the opens in
mainland China and Hong Kong. Futures
are pointing to a little bit of upside
here at the open. Also seeing that the
yuan there offshore yuan pretty steady.
More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we'll follow see if we see a
second day of the sell off that we're
seeing across mainland markets. And
certainly one thing to watch yesterday
was really this week alone really was
what we saw in the China X, right? RSI
levels basically reach 86 on Monday
here. That's the fourth highest
overbought sort of level we've seen on
record. So that goes to show yes, it's
easy to tell why may regulars want to
slow down this rally, right? But if you
take a look at how you know whether this
sort of engineering of a slow bull
market can actually work or be
successful, take a look at history. The
China today column highlights this,
right? So history suggests that it
actually might be effective. You take a
look at past rallies, right? Everything
from 2013 up until now when you have
seen a one-mon return of about 20%.
About a month after that, about 21% you
do a 21 days I should say, you do
average a return of about 4%. So it has
happened in the past that we can
actually start to maybe cool things down
a little bit as well. But then again,
you take a look at this whole what's
really been driving the gains in this
equity market and it might be what we're
seeing in the bond market, right? There
is no alternative to, you know, you
can't buy property at this moment given
how weak the market is. Therefore, I'm
going to put my money out of bonds into
stocks. That is one of the big factors
of why we are seeing these inflows into
the equity market. You take a look at
how yields go and how this equity market
has gone. And if that earnings yield is
still about four basis point higher than
where bonds are right now, analysts are
saying that might be more reason for
next leg to come. The open is next. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. This morning, we're counting down
to the open of markets yesterday. It was
the reaction we saw to the Bloomberg
scoop that we had around looking at
measures perhaps to try and cool down
the equity rally. Uh we've got Robin
Shing from Morgan Stanley in the studio
with us just making the point that maybe
the market correction was enough that
it's sort of been selfdone already and
and regulators can maybe just pull back
a little bit for now. No need for any
excessive measures. Yeah, he just came
back from the mainland. We'll be getting
his takeaways coming through here. Uh
but yes, as you say, the rest of the of
the world is actually reacting to the
the weak US jobs data that we got
overnight and that really kind of maybe
bodess well for this jobs report coming
on Friday that maybe you know the almost
100% certainty now that maybe the Fed uh
could cut. That's what markets are
pricing in right now because of what
we've been seeing cracks in this labor
market. So certainly that is going to be
the big thing here. But right now, you
know, this cooling of this equity market
which we saw yesterday was quite telling
right from our Bloomberg scoop that they
want to find ways to at least on the
edges uh slow things down here. Uh that
certainly maybe is working here right
now at least for a second day. We are
seeing see pretty slow going here so far
on onore markets there. But at one point
we did see the Shanghai composite
falling the most uh since like a few
days after liberation day back in April.
So uh that stabilized a little bit here
today in the China session here on
Friday. Shenzhen is doing decently well.
We're up about a tenth of 1% and of
course we're watching some of the the
gauges like Starboard 50 which really
did see a lot of losses there yesterday.
We're up about now half of 1%. Capricorn
is certainly one thing to watch here
after that what 16 14% drop yesterday as
well. We are seeing a little bit of
stabilization there in the stock here as
well. Of course a lot of the hot money
was going into stocks like Capricorn
like Qua Malai of late in this ashare
market. So at least for those both uh
looking decently better here than
yesterday. Uh and we're watching very
closely what bond markets are doing here
right now. Not much movement there. That
30-year is still well below slightly
above that 2% level here as well. But as
we talked about right, it is the lows
that we're seeing in these bond market
yields bond yields that is really kind
of catapulting the the flows into this
equity market. And you're still seeing
Hangen doing decently well. Uh there
we're up about a fifth of 1%. HST seems
to be doing uh modestly higher. Tencent
is up some 1% as well. So, a bit of a
recovery there in Hong Kong here this
morning. Uh, key to watch, of course, is
going to be the EV sector, right? So,
the Reuters reporting just after our
show yesterday that BYD is maybe
considering cutting their sales target
by 16%. So, that sent a lot of
questions, right? Is this EV price war
coming to an end when you have the likes
of of BYD uh cutting sales production,
the number one in the market of course,
right? So, we'll watch the EV space here
today. Uh, but Alibaba is down about 810
of 1% as well. there was these kind of
talks about deepseek and you know our
sources telling us they're working on a
new AI agent here uh in this whole kind
of race with AI. So certainly that could
be a catalyst for some of these AI
stocks here today as well. That's why
we're seeing maybe the chips are doing
okay. If you take a look at SMIC, we're
up about 2% uh in Hong Kong today. And
of course we are watching very closely
China Autos, right? So we talked about
BYD. We're going to get Bloomberg
Intelligence coming through here.
Shirley Wong has been kind of crunching
the numbers and looking at really what
this means in this whole price war,
right? uh BYD there we see the stock
recovering we're up about 4/10en of 1%
but yes the likes of the auto doing okay
we're up 2% here right now Bill
>> yeah let's also talk about what's been a
rare meeting actually between Chinese
fiscal and monetary policy makers that's
also been prompting speculation that
easing me measures uh could be on the
cards let's get more with our senior
executive editor John Lu joining us from
Beijing and John I mean who was in this
this working group and and what were
some of the key takeaways as well
>> so this working group was led by a
deputy finance minister Leo Ming and
also a deputy central bank governor. Uh
it's it's not the first time that this
group has met. uh it was designed to
better coordinate monetary and fiscal
policy uh and the response that you're
uh that we've been getting from Beijing
to uh the economic slowdown and as we've
been talking about uh the market has
gone up substantially over the last
month or so but it's only going to be
sustainable if you have economic growth
and corporate earnings backing it up and
so so far the economic data that we've
gotten in August uh for July uh was
still relatively weak Uh we're going to
get more data later uh in this month.
Next week CPI and trade week after that
retail sales, industrial production, and
that's really going to tell us where
this economy is going. And that that I
think is what this meeting is really
focused on.
>> Does that give us any sort of signals of
of where policy and and where stimulus
could be? I mean, there's a lot of
questions about how much room there is
fiscally for for the government now.
I mean, if you'll remember back in
September of last year at the at the
very end of the month, we had that uh
really unusual press conference with the
central bank governor where uh there was
a bevy of new measures announced cuts in
the reserve requirement. I just we saw
the regulatory frame uh bodies uh really
step up to the plate and start uh
launching new uh efforts to prop up the
economy.
That I think is not incoinc
at the end of September you have a sense
of how the economy has done for the
first three quarters and you have a
sense of how much the government needs
to do to get to that about 5% GDP target
that they've set for 2025. And so I
think there is a little bit of looking
forward uh in terms of getting ready uh
in case the economy needs an additional
boost. Uh this meeting would set the you
know sort of set the table for doing
that.
John, thank you. John Le, our executive
editor there about this rare meeting
that we just saw uh in China and Morgan
Stanley was just coming through here on
a trip from the mainland here and really
kind of gauging what's been on the
ground. Robin Shing, chief China
economist, joins us now. Uh takeaways
from your trip to Beijing and Shenzhen.
>> Uh hi, let's recall what we discussed
about one month ago in your show.
>> Uh liquidity was in driver's seat. we
have seen some kind of uh water buffalo
forming. Um so that liquidity net
narrative was dominating basically every
single speaker on your show in the last
month or so.
>> But we have also warned about a month
ago there is a disconnection between
fundamentals and this liquidity
narrative. Uh August prints are very
soft high frequency data like housing
exports fiscal impulse are all fading.
So back to fundamentals, I would argue
um what happened in the market is more
like a reality check. It's not a broad
reflection yet and we have seen that um
modest policy moves as your colleague
John in Beijing mentioned some marginal
easing in monetary and fiscal policy but
these are more cyclical tools which can
cushion
>> to have a new cycle. You need a
structural moves to anchor reflation and
the rebalance. That's not this
marginalizing tools. That's probably uh
the upcoming fourth plenum and the 15th
fiveyear plan outlines. That's the key
swing factor we are monitoring.
>> What's the likelihood though that that
we get anything major from that? I mean
a lot of people have been saying also
the rally that we've seen in Chinese
equities has sort of removed some of
that need as well for big stimulus
measures. Well, I would argue they need
to reflate the economy with much
stronger consumption centric policies.
Um, for example, uh, if they use the
five-year plan to change the government
incentives to recalibrate the fiscal
policy to put all these resources into a
stronger social safety net that could
unlock consumption in a more sustainable
way. So, that's the five-year plan to be
announced by the fourth plan. That's the
key swing factor. Before that we will
keep hearing incremental modest cushion
measures be this fertility support or
subsidy on uh services consumption or
some accelerated pace on that
infrastructure spending but these are
more like providing a cushion.
there was this sort of meeting that the
CSRC Wuing had with with industry
experts and the like recently and it
what do you think has changed in terms
of how regulators looking at this rally
because you know up until now it seemed
like they were focused more on stability
especially amid the face of tariffs and
the like and now you're seeing even like
policy makers nudging towards a you know
a stronger MMB to help with inflows in
some ways to the equity market as well.
Has the role of the equity market
changed from a policymakers point of
view? Well, I think policy makers
probably see uh the equity market as a
very very excitable dog on a very long
leash. So it dot you know on random
directions but eventually the policy got
real which is the leash can bring it
back. Um so what happened over the last
two months the debate over uh
liquiditydriven market the so-called
deposit migration the every speaker on
your show mentioned I would taper
expectations because the size of this
excess saving in the last few years is
probably smaller than most people
imagined only R&B six to 7 trillion
excess time deposit over last few years
>> and more importantly the pace of
migration outflow going to empty is much
slower than the market imagined.
>> Yeah.
>> July, August probably only 300 billion
yen migration at best. So it's quite
slow. Why? Because many market entrance
in 2021. They are still underwater. That
precautionary saving is still elevated.
So I think back to fundamentals, you
need a broader reflation that pours
through to wages to employment that can
make this rally much more sustainable.
And for policy makers, the signal has
been providing guard rails, not breaks.
So they probably act earlier, more
targeted than previous boom bust
episodes. So now they are using some
promarket reforms plus some window
guidance to provide guard. I think
that's not breaks and the market as you
mentioned kind of did the selfcorrection
by itself. So heavy-handed intervention
is not necessary.
>> It it's interesting as well. I mean yes
maybe it's it's it's more led by smart
money less by sort of retail money.
That's sort of the theme that's come
out. But but also the questions around
what is the next leg of the rally and
the earnings results we've seen don't
really justify any big move high from
here. When you also combine it against
stories like was saying about Reuters
reporting that BYD has cut their sales
target for for for EV sales. I mean
that's not a great signal either about
the health of the economy. So I mean how
much worse do you think the economy will
perform going into the end of the year?
>> Well, we have a soft second half
forecast and more importantly uh
deflation is going to be persistent. So,
China started this anti-evolution
campaign and we did a deep dive. Um,
solar sector is probably exhibit A for
anti- evvolution. There seems to be a
plan starting with upstream like poly
silicon uh with a consolidation plan
financed by some industry fonts to
absorb inventory to smooth the supply
curve. But solar is probably the um most
easier one. If you look at the
downstream cars, e-commerce, express
delivery, these are much tougher because
the fragmentation of market share
because policy makers has this less
policy levers on these sectors. So it's
not going to be easy. It's a more like a
messy path maybe two steps forward one
step back that kind of um path rather
than a straight line for reflation. Our
base case is Chinese growth will still
be with subdued nominal growth deflation
throughout maybe the end of next year.
But if you talk about micro story
because Ivonne you mentioned our trip in
Beijing and Shenzhen there's some
divergence in Shenzhen it's all positive
micro story
>> um things like the green tech EVs and
the transitions like power storage power
grids and also the smart manufacturing
like using AI and industrial robotics
and software that make them more
efficient improving uh cost benefits and
the last but not least this new
so-called new productive forces humanoid
self-driving cars and AI adoption you
also mentioned the deepseek new model so
I think there is a lot of micro
positivities it's just these are not
enough to have a full por through to
wages and employment for reflation not
yet
>> you mentioned that fiscal expansion is
limited why do you think there's there's
not that much room and how bad does it
have to look for the economy in the
fourth quarter to actually spark some
sort of fiscal expansion you Well, the
reason is simple. With the first half
GDP tracking at 5.3%.
For Beijing, the bar for um much bigger
deficit expansion or much more
aggressive rate cuts is quite high. It
will be data dependent. And if the third
and fourth quarter data softened more
than they expected, it's possible they
will do some monitoring and fiscal year
in Q4. But again these are more
incremental targeted like cyclical tools
providing a cushion rather than using a
structural reform to anchor rebalance.
That's the five-year plan for the plan.
Before that I think any additional
fiscal year will be quite modest.
>> Robin thanks very much for joining us
this morning. That was Robin Shing there
chief China economist at Morgan Stanley
and taking you to some live pictures now
from Tokyo because we have a meeting
underway between Australia and Japan.
This is the 12th Australia Japan foreign
and defense ministers meeting that's
taking place today. So Australia's uh
Penny Wong, that's the foreign affairs
minister, also the deputy prime
minister, minister for defense, Richard
Miles, meeting with Japan's minister
foreign affairs and also the minister of
defense rather. But the focus here is on
shared geostrategic priorities,
increasing collaboration as well across
some critical areas like economic ties,
cyber security, regional security as
well. But we leave you there with those
shots. Uh as we can see Japan and
Australia defense meeting underway this
morning. We'll have plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the stories that we're tracking
this morning in VinFast shares closed
lower in the US. That's after reporting
a deeper loss in the second quarter as
global expansion costs continued to
climb. Loss for the period widened to
about $770 million. That's 15% more than
the previous quarter and that's even as
revenue jumped 92% from a year ago. The
EV maker inaugurated a factory in India
last month and expects to open another
plant in Indonesia by October.
Proton, the Malaysian car maker backed
by China's Jill Auto launched its EV
production plant on Thursday. The
factories in the northern state of Parak
and it marks Malaysia's first foray into
EV manufacturing. The $19.4 million
facility will have an annual capacity of
20,000 units with plans to expand to up
to 45,000.
All right, and checking now OE BYYD
shares of course after we saw yesterday,
Reuters reporting that the EV maker was
cutting its fullear sales target by 16%
due to the test competition in China. So
the stock recovering a little bit here
today, but certainly it begs a lot of
questions on where we are in this price
war. Is this a sign that that you know
the price competition and the like is is
maybe coming to an end? Let's bring in
the Bloomberg Intelligence's take on
this, Shirley Wong. She focuses on in
theatic investing and she's with us here
right now. Shirley, it's great to have
you.
>> With the news on BYD, it's not confirmed
just yet, but does this change your
overall view of EVs and your investment
theme?
>> Um, yeah. So, um, well, I mean, really
the news about BYD um, softening its
demand um is really reflection of the
over supply in the industry that we've
seen previously and also um, the
changing of uh, consumer behavior. Um so
uh consumers today are looking for
luxury experiences and brand innovation
and as well um we've seen that back in
July um China embarked on um
anti-involution campaign um to cut um
you know some of the the cur to curb
some of the price wars that we've seen
and also to um curb the or excess
capacity um industry. So that's going to
be taking some time to reflect into the
company profitability.
>> You mentioned that that shift in
consumer behavior. What does that mean
for for the overall AI industry then?
>> Um
>> or EV rather.
>> Yes. Um uh I think that um well with the
uh BYD um they're operating in a very
intense competitive environment. Um and
so um you know we found that uh
companies um electric vehicle companies
that are u embarked on um you know R&D
development uh brand innovation uh techn
technological innovation um could fare
better um in a price war competitive
environment and so some examples would
be um Xiaomi Tesla they've ventured into
humanoids a smart technology um Huawei
is also making some sort of a high-end
uh luxury SUV um as well as XP is also
um doing being involved in um you know
EV tolls or um you know what they call
uh flying cars. Um so these are examples
of innovation uh led growth at these
companies.
>> Yeah. I mean you you specialize in
thematic investing right so in terms of
themes right now beyond just EVs you
mentioned a lot of those uh what are
some of the big themes to watch out for?
>> I think that transition metals is very
interesting. um it has a lithium
component to it um which is uh critical
um to the manufacturing of uh EV
batteries um as well we're seeing um you
know rare earths um uh being a very
crucial role in the making of uh clean
technology um so that's uh one theme
that is is quite interesting to look at
as well as within the consumer
discretionary space
>> um the uh the shifting of uh consumer uh
patterns um you know people are spending
ing more on luxury items, on
collectibles, um, and also experiences
like traveling, um, dining out, um, and,
uh, we're also seeing them try to
improve their their well-being and their
health. So, they're spending more on
that as well.
>> Shirley, thank you. Come back and join
us soon on on TV. That was Shirley Wong
there from Bloomberg Intelligence. And
if you're a subscriber and you want to
to rewatch that interview, rewatch any
of our programming, you can also uh, do
that via our interactive TV function, TV
go. You can become part of the
conversation. Send us instant messages
during the shows as well. So check it
out at TV go. We'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the stories that we're tracking
for you in the tech space today. The
Financial Times is reporting Anthropic
will stop selling AI services to groups
majority owned by Chinese entities
including Bite Dance, Tensson, and
Alibaba. The report says it's because
Anthropic is trying to prevent Chinese
tech from benefiting its military and
intelligence services. Sources told the
FT that the policy will take effect
immediately. The FT also reporting that
OpenAI is preparing to design and
produce its own AI chip with help from
Broadcom. report says a startup intends
to ship the first chips next year and
would also use them internally. Broadcom
CEO earlier told investors a major new
customer had placed production orders
for custom AI accillerators. Hawkan also
promised big improvements for the firm's
AI outlook next year, sending it shares
higher after the bell. And Huawei has
unveiled a new trifold phone, updating
its earlier groundbreaking model. The
new Mate XTS has two folding mechanisms
and can work as a regular smartphone or
two variations of iPad-like tablets. It
marks Huawei's second effort at a
twofold device after its predecessor was
launched last year. The Mate XDS uses
Huawei's latest Kieran processor and is
priced at ah yeah $2,500. Kind of pricey
there.
>> It is kind of pricey, but it's actually
cheaper than the first one cuz that was
priced at $2,800. So, this is actually
coming down in price. But I'm actually
really curious to see this in real life
because last year I went and had a look
at the the first trifold phone and and
at the time it was it was it was big and
it was cool and it was new, but it
wasn't really optimized the software for
for a tablet, a screen that big and it
was a little bit glitchy and maybe some
questions around the battery life
because it's so thin. But this time I'm
really curious to see because they've
got their new operating system now as
well. They've moved it in house. They've
moved off the Android one to their own
Harmony operating system. What does that
actually mean? Okay, we got to move on.
Uh, we're looking here at what's
happening with the sportsear stocks as
well because
>> Huawei suppliers though.
>> Oh, Huawei surprise. Okay, sorry, I
wasn't reading. I was just looking at
the I don't know what I was looking at
there, but yes, there's some of the
Huawei suppliers there in focus. I mean,
kind of mixed moves so far, but we can
shift now to the sports stocks. uh take
a look at what's happening with some
government policies because there's been
some more support coming out for the
sports industry, looking to to boost it
through consumption, industry
development as well, but looking at
loans to subsidize uh subsidize interest
to sports companies, encouraging
incentives as well for for local
governments to try and boost
consumption. I mean, we're seeing sort
of that that playing out. But also, it's
interesting to do a bit of a comparison
because we had the Lululemon sales
overnight and they weren't good again
really from the company. So taking a
look at that
>> it's the tale of two sportsware makers
right I mean obviously leaning has done
quite well given some of the government
support and the like you know this whole
kind of shift into more domestic
consumption brands as well uh but yeah
Lululemon they they were talking about
really getting hit by this dimminimous
uh you know rule here so certainly that
took a hit for the earnings and yeah
stock still needs time to recover there
we have the next hour coming
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 half hour into the
session here right now and we are
looking decently well. We're half 1% to
the upside here. So, we're coming back
from what was a pretty steep sell-off
yesterday on the back of our scoop that
may policy makers are looking in at ways
to slow down this rally. It seems to
have worked at least for a day and
things are stabilizing a little bit here
on this Friday morning. But certainly,
yes, a lot of questions on what's the
next leg. Earnings haven't been too good
so far if you look at everything beyond
financials and AI related things. So,
certainly we're still looking for those
catalysts out there.
>> Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's sort of
been one of the that was the key test or
a key test. you know, how would earnings
perform? And actually, they've they've
gone they've come in weaker than they
were in the period prior. But it was
interesting yesterday, you're sort of
mentioning that market reaction we had
to our Bloomberg scoop. Say the CSI 300,
250 stocks were in the red. There was 50
say that were either steady or moving
higher. But if there was one sector that
was standing out, it was the solar one
yesterday because we were seeing these
big moves to the upside for solar names
led by DACA. And that was after we had a
Bloomberg interview uh talking about
with the CFO of the company, but talking
about how they were calling the bottom
uh for the market. And this is sort of
we were just speaking with Robin Shing
about this from Morgan Stanley, but this
is sort of priority one or the first
point that we're starting to see really
anti-involution policies take effect and
that they've got a plan to to clear out
the glut and also to have some
consolidation, I guess, in the sector.
So that's the solar stocks. You're
continuing to see another day of gains
here. But let's also take a look at
what's happening with the Philippine
Peso today because we had uh inflation
accelerating in August, but it's still
below the the the BSP's target range.
So, it does give them a little bit of
flexibility, I guess, whether they want
to think about reducing rates later this
year. They've got two meetings left. We
had the the interview with the BSP
governor just a few days ago telling us
that maybe it's on the card, maybe not,
but they do have two opportunities until
the end of the year. Uh Asia XChina, I
mean, it is that big focus on on the the
jobs report coming up later today.
We've had the the private payrolls data.
We've had the jolts data as well. And
that really does point to to weakness.
So, I mean, a 25 basis point cut later
this month from the Fed is pretty much
baked in right now. Maybe if you get a
huge inflation upside surprise, uh that
reading is coming up in a few days time.
Maybe that's something that could tempt
it. But, but generally that that that
course for easing appears to be pretty
set right now. Now you've got the 2-year
yield uh back down to around a one-year
low, but also just taking a look at
yields generally moving lower across the
board and equities a bit to the upside.
>> Yeah, those two-year yields are
basically the lowest of the year right
now, right? As we continue to to pile on
those bets there that the cut could be
coming as soon as this month, right? So
certainly that is going to be the case.
I think the number to watch is is
75,000, right? And the revisions, right?
If we see the same sort of revisions
that we saw in the previous month, does
that sort of uh add to more sort of
concern in this market that you know
this labor market is cracking and maybe
detering faster than we thought? That
was what triggered a lot of the
repricing uh last month as well. And
unemployment, right? That number is
supposed to be of four I think 4.3%.
That's the highest we've seen in four
years. So certainly there's going to be
a lot to watch out for in this print and
whether it actually does justify the
pricing that we're seeing right now.
>> Yeah. So let's uh let's get more with
our M live strategist Mark Granfield
with us with us this morning. morning
and Mark, uh, what do you make or what
are you expecting for this jobs report?
And is there anything right now that can
sort of tempt or test expectations
around what the Fed does later this
month?
>> Yeah, quite a quite a bit. It's not just
about the the jobs report. We've also
got these interviews that Scott Bessant
will be holding with potential uh Fed
candidates as well. But speaking of the
the jobs report itself, I was just
looking at some of the past data. If we
do get confirmation of the unemployment
rate rising to 4.3%.
Then it really looks as though the US
dollar has quite a bit more downside to
go on the back of that. If you look back
over the past few years on previous
occasions, I know the conditions and
everyone will say they're not exactly
the same as they were before, but the
the US dollar was much lower. The last
time we had 4.3% US unemployment, the US
dollar in terms of the Bloomberg spot
index was quite a bit lower. So even if
the market doesn't correct to or exactly
the same levels as it was a few years
ago, it does suggest that there's
there's a bias towards dollar weakness
if we get a confirmation of a soft
number today. And of course, if the
non-farm payrolls comes on the low side
as well, that will just add fuel to the
fire. We're we're pretty much fully
expecting a 25 basis points September
cut from the Federal Reserve, but really
what traders are looking for is where we
go beyond there. And some of that will
be linked to the interviews that Scott
Bessant is holding starting today to see
who's the next Fed chairman. But not
just for the chairman because Mr.
Bessant has also indicated that all of
these are potential candidates to
replace Fed members who will be due to
be retiring next year. So everybody is
in the frame here. They're likely to
have quite a bit to say about what they
think about monetary policy and most of
it I think traders will be assuming is
going to be in line with the thinking of
the White House administration. So all
of that if you put it together it is
certainly a reason for traders to be a
bit bearish on the dollar.
>> Um China I mean we're seeing a bit of
stabilization here today. You know
you've been tracking what's been going
on on shore. you know, have we seen
enough to that that we could see some
sort of floor moving forward here or or
what what to look for next? Mark,
>> I don't think the Chinese authorities
will be fully satisfied with just one
day of a correction lower in the in the
equity. If you look at how they've
behaved in the past when they've talked
about too much speculation in the
markets, they've they've expected to see
the market go down for a few days
probably. So if traders don't do it
themselves, if they if they today if we
see the Chinese equity markets generally
a little bit higher, I suspect we'll
hear a bit more from the Chinese
authorities to remind them that they
they do need to cool their heels a bit
more than they have done already. So I
suspect this is not the end of the
story. I think that things have changed
from from 10 years ago when they took a
very heavy-handed approach to trying to
quell speculation in the markets. That
didn't go down very well. I think
they've learned their lessons from
there. Plus, the Chinese economy is not
as strong as it was back then. Financial
conditions
are not as easy as they were. The PBC is
doing its best to provide liquidity, but
still there's still risk of deflation in
China. So, the authorities will tread
more carefully and gently than they did
in the past, but I suspect they'd like
to see the market come down a little bit
more than it has this week.
>> Mark, thanks so much for joining us.
That was our Mline strategist Mark
Cranfield there in Singapore. And just
as we've been speaking, we've actually
had a breaking news headline crossing
the terminal around Shiaong Shu. This is
the social media app that's lo known as
Little Red Note or Little Red Book
outside of China, but it has uh what we
are expecting is for its profit to
triple to $3 billion. I mean, this is
one of the best known social names in
inside China. It's not a listed company
but but certainly we have seen their
valuation continuing to grow a and also
really testing the likes of Doian for
instance in mainland China as well. I
think the valuation has surged to what
$31 billion in recent transactions. They
have a lot of partnerships of course
with some of the e-commerce platforms
like Alibaba and really become a source
of news as well, right? People don't
really go to Wayel anymore, right? It's
more about really uh what they see on
Shiao Hongu as well. 300 million monthly
active users here right now, which goes
to show, right? There's still plenty of
talk here about the commercialization
and then of course, are they going to be
listed and where? Certainly.
>> Well, we hope Hong Kong just
>> I'm sure I'm sure Hong Kong exchange is
looking at that.
>> Hong Kong is looking at that. We know
that one. But uh we'll see. We'll see.
>> I mean, this market maybe needs a bit
more liquidity, right? If you take a
look at what we've been tracking, right?
And and it's interesting what we heard
from Morgan Stanley's Robin Shen about,
you know, the takeways that he had from
his trip to China and really what policy
makers are saying, right? And and he
kind of phrased in a very poetic way.
Take a listen.
>> I think policy makers probably see uh
the equity market as a very very
excitable dog on a very long leash. So
it dot you know on random directions but
eventually the policy got real which is
the leash can bring it back. Um so what
happened over the last two months the
debate over uh liquiditydriven market
the so-called deposit migration is every
speaker on your show mentioned I would
taper expectations because the size of
this excess saving in the last few years
is probably smaller than most people
imagined.
Let's bring in Winnie Shu Winnie Woo
rather, a China equity strategist at
Bofur Securities and and Winnie, thanks
very much for joining us this morning.
So, I mean, you we just heard there from
Robin Jing talking about how it's it's a
it's a equity market that's that's on a
an excitable dog that's on a very long
leash, but that the rails are there in
place also to guide where it goes. I
mean, what's what's your take on that? H
>> yeah I mean you know if we look at the
various metrics like margin financing as
percentage of daily turnover like the
market velocity there are signs of
overheating since mid late uh August
right you know margin financing reached
around 12% of daily turnover which
historically is sort of a red line so
you know uh that's something I think
will make regulator a bit nervous and
especially when certain sector stocks
were like doubling tripling year to
Right. Uh this kind of big moves could
lead to not only money-making effect but
actually money losing effect. If retail
investors rush in toward the end of the
rally with leverage, right? It actually
can destroy more value in retail
investor than creating value as we saw
in the previous boom bus cycles in 2015.
So naturally regulator want to cool it
down. Regulator want to caution right
the the excessive leverage so to speak.
But I think the regulatory intention is
to still cool down the market not crash
the market. All right. And also uh
thinking of the next months or two uh
there's the Fed rate cut and in China
there will be the fourth plenary session
and there will be the 15th five-year
plan coming into full queue. Um and
typically market will still have a more
constructive positive bias ahead of
these political event. So I would say
yes in the short term is one day
correction good enough maybe not right
we probably need to see a bit more but
the correction is not unlikely if it's
purely driven by regulatory warning it's
unlikely to be a very deep correction in
the short term um given we still have
this political event to watch for in
October
>> do you expect more then of some more
heavy-handed intervention or have we
been kind of burned in the past too from
previous
>> sur market whispers about window
guidance s um last week already and
apparently if it didn't work last week
we get a bit more this week. So uh I
think that's always possible but will
there be more harsh measures? Uh I doubt
it.
>> Okay.
>> What's your what's where do you think
the equity market goes from here then? I
mean we've been speaking as well about
earning season. It it wasn't so great.
Is there enough then to be tempting in
investors back in?
>> Yeah I mean that's an interesting debate
right from our China perspective. You
know MSI at China valuation now is 13
times which is above the the normal zone
and you know many China investor or
people look at China for long would say
are we in a bubbleish market is the the
the market already deviate from
fundamental but when you look broader
this kind of liquiditydriven rally is
not only in China I mean you know you
you look at Europe you look at Japan
Taiwan Korea US liquidity is very
abundant everywhere and many market
valuation multiple now are higher than
beginning of the year. So it's not only
a China phenomenon one and two you know
uh earlier this week we published a
in-depth sematic report on how AI will
reshape the equity investment horizon
and one point we made is you know for
the longest period market would uh well
for the longest period labor force labor
cost is a very important driver to GDP.
So equity market tend to be more
constructive on countries with young and
growing labor force like you know India,
Indonesia right whereas countries with
aging shrinking population China, Korea,
Japan are considered as a structural
challenge and see valuation discount.
But when we looking ahead, think about
how AI is going to reshape labor force,
right? Automation already replacing the
assembly line operators, but agentic AI
is increasingly replacing knowledge
workers. Then maybe labor cost is no
longer such a big determination factor
but instead tech advanced countries
techsavvy countries like China like
Korea might be better positioned to take
advantage of AI which they may be able
to drive faster than expected long-term
GDP growth and that's enjoy a multiple
rate rating right so I think you know um
in terms of the valuation even though we
currently uh for the past two months
there are signs of overheating
Especially in sectors like AI I show I
see you show the chart right you know
China CSI AI index valuation multiple
rating 45% in two months right
>> that's probably a sign of overheating
but taking a three-year view I think AI
could be quite positive structurally
positive on China
>> we've seen a bit of that rotation away
from semis right it's more like
infrastructure it's more of adoption
right right now I mean is is that sort
of where you're looking at in terms of
how to express this now.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Very interesting. Right.
Initially in the past one or two years,
the focus is all about computing power.
It's about GPUs. Uh because that was
still at the theoretical stage of AI
looking at large language model. But now
at least in the United States, we see AI
really being mass adopted and people
start to do this mass capex. So
increasingly it's got extended to both
upstream in terms of the infrastructure,
right? the power, electricity, the
cooling and the downstream in terms of
physical AI when AI brings into humanoid
robots um autonomous vehicles and in the
computing in the computing power phase
yeah China face looks like China faced a
lot of challenges because of the chip
ban export controls but even on that I
think China was able to making the
headways to narrow the gap on technology
rather than widen the gap but also in
upstream of power electricity you know
core China's over capacity or strategic
overbuild China actually does not have
the constraint or much less a problem in
constraint in terms of electricity
supply power supply and China is
exporting a lot of these liquid cooling
equipment power equipment right also on
downstream when it comes to robots and
AVs you know China's ability to mass
prodduce this product good enough
quality
But affordable robots is also you know
unparalleled globally. So so I do think
that you know investors are not looking
broad not only look at you know the the
GPUs but also what does AI really means
for the broader side of the supply
chain.
>> All right Winnie we'll have more from
Winnie Woo there China equity strategist
at BFA securities. We're just starting
uh to really kick things off with her
whole AI report there. Still ahead,
we're going to talk about Thailand and
the parliament there preparing to pick a
new prime minister after the ouster of
Patar Shinowat. We have details coming
up. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, let's bring back uh Winnie
Woo here, China equity strategist at
BOVA Securities this morning. We're
seeing some upside across the board in
equities today, but also a big focus on
on China in particular rather because we
had that Bloomberg scoop yesterday
around looking at measures to maybe try
and cool the equity market rally, but
today again still a little bit high. But
Winnie, we were just talking there in
the outbreak around around AI. It's
around innovation that we see using AI
across a broad range of sectors now. And
some would say, you know, that's really
where where China is actually getting
ahead of the US is it's at the
application layer and and how it's it's
really becoming quite widespread in
terms of adoption now.
>> Yeah. And and I think you know I earlier
this year I said deepseek moment for
China is like the Baba IPO moment,
right? It's really reshaping how equity
market how the world think about China
in terms of its animal spirit, its
innovation capability. Because the
narrative in the past two three years is
that you know animal spirit is dead in
China. You know Chinese people are lying
flat. There's um and China is going to
miss out in the AI age. But I think from
deepseek we saw more deepseek moment
across broader sectors right whether
it's humanoid robots whether it's in
innovative drugs biotech area or in the
application area. I I I think you know
private companies in China this year
really show that they are still driving
innovation breakthrough technologies and
this is going to be the driver for
productivity for China over the long
term. Right? So the question of whether
China is investable I think become
clearer that in the past year maybe
people say uh we trade China buy the
rumor sell the fact but this year looks
like if China can continue to drive
innovation and if China has an edge in
the AI application adoption phase then
maybe there is really a long-term
structural story to buy China because of
the continued productivity gain from
this innovation in the AI age
>> and that's I mean it seems like Right.
Market partitions are not really focused
on fundamentals anymore, right? As you
say, right, it it's more of a tactical
sort of play on these emerging trends
like robotics, like rare earths and the
like.
>> Um, in terms of what could lead and
drive this rally then is it still going
to be
>> the innovation side, the biotech sector
which is still the leader among the or
those still going to be the leaders by
the end of this year.
>> Yeah. So this year one interesting thing
is we see a lot of rotation very fast
right from February we talk about
deepseek March was humanoid robots then
second quarter was banks and it was
innovative drugs it was new consumption
then July it was stable coin
anti-evolution and now back to AI
the things are rotating very very fast
so from our perspective the distinguish
is that if there are earnings to support
right like we see in some of the
innovative drugs we see certain leaders
in the new consumption theme that are
really delivering on the earnings I
think those themes can support right
because yeah share price might overshoot
have a p cool back but as earning
deliver valuation makes sense again
share price can have another leg up but
for stocks that's purely mimi buying on
the dreams without delivering the the
the earnings then we for institutional
investor at least longly investor we
don't advise them to trace because these
seems rotate too rapidly. By the time
you jump on it might already be at the
end. So generally our view is we are
still constructive on China at least for
the next one or two months we say buy on
the dips. Um but we'd rather accumulate
these structural trends on the low
whether it's AI, autonomous vehicle,
robotics or new consumption innovative
drugs accumulate the the companies with
earning growth on the low right rather
than chasing the Mimi stocks on the high
and on that uh next week
>> you have your conference. Yes,
>> please tell us about it.
>> Yeah, it's our first API conference. It
will be in Hong Kong. We have uh nearly
1,400 investors registered which is the
biggest ever and AI will be a very big
theme. We'll have two tracks. One on the
AI infrastructure side and one on the AI
implementation adoption side.
>> All right, we look forward to it. Winnie
Woo, thank you. China equity strategist
at BFA securities. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Another
[Music]
story that we're tracking in Southeast
Asia is Thailand's parliament is
expected to vote for a new prime
minister today. The main opposition
party has agreed to support rival leader
Anatin Shaver as the next prime
minister.
>> Yeah, let's get more on that now. Bring
in Bloomberg's Pap Picha Tanaka and Pete
Pat in Hong in Bangkok rather. Uh
babichko, what can we expect then today
from the vote?
>> The parliamentary vote that is set to
begin momentarily is going to look like
a showdown between two candidates Shaeri
of the ruling puai party and his
challenger Anutin Shanuon of the
opposition punjai party. But the reality
is that Anotin's victory is almost
certainly in the back. He has cobbled
together a coalition of uh 146 lawmakers
out of almost 500. But the key to his
success will be the the support, the
one-time conditional support from the
People's Party, the largest party in the
parliament. Um, his win will cap days of
political uncertainty that was unleashed
after Prime Minister Panot was ousted by
the constitutional court last week over
ethical violations. But uh um the under
the conditions set by people's party,
Anuin will only lead an interim minority
government for only about four months
before he dissolves parliament and call
for new elections.
>> Okay, so during that four months of
power, what has an promised? What can he
achieve?
>> People's party said that the deal with
Anutin was essentially to elect a prime
minister who would bring Thailand out of
the short-term political crisis. So to
get there they have set a list of
conditions that Anutin already agreed to
and first firstly Anutin would need to
dissolve the parliament um within four
months of taking power which would
trigger a process to hold an election
within 60 days. Anuotin is also required
to hold a referendum to amend the
constitution as well as try not to uh
not to try to become a majority in the
lower house in the meantime and that is
precisely how the people's party aims to
maintain its leverage over Anotin
because it intends to stay in the
opposition and not join his government
so it can threaten to raise a vote of no
confidence to uh the prime minister that
it helped elect if Anutin fails to keep
his promises.
Papicha, thank you. Papicha, Tanakas and
peep out there joining us out of Bangkok
and we'll leave you with those live
pictures from the Thai parliament.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging at lunch break and we're
seeing a pretty decent rally on the NIK
here right now. So, equity markets are
bought up here. We're more than 300
points to the upside on the NIK. The yen
is also stronger here as well. Uh we're
watching the bond space. Looks like we
are coming off some of the highs of late
on the long end when it comes to where
those yields are. So, we're down two
basis points for your Japan 10-year
yield. That was after after we saw a
pretty smooth 30-year bond auction
yesterday as well. Uh we also did see
those those wage numbers coming through
earlier this morning, which was actually
seeing some punchy gains, right? 4.1% in
nominal wages. That's the biggest thing
they've seen in mostly seven months or
so. So, that does back the case for rate
hikes again. But the bond market not too
concerned about that data just yet
today.
>> Yeah, it's actually for for for a market
that's had two big bond auctions and
then this data as well. It's it's it's
coursing along. But let's also take a
look at what's happening Asia uh broadly
in Asia this morning because we are
seeing equities here that are moving to
the upside. I mean it was a pretty
strong day on Wall Street again
overnight. Lots of expectations around
Fed easing that continue to build. We
had uh the private payrolls data. We've
got Jolts data as well. All of that's
really setting the case now for a Fed uh
rate cut later this month where we are
seeing some of the bigger gains IT space
for instance at 1.3% but but lots of
stories really around DeepSeek in
particular and and sort of more optimism
around Agentic AI and and the the
capabilities that they're also building
that we already see from peers in the US
for instance.
>> Yeah, I have to learn how to say agentic
now. That's that's my new word for the
week uh for the year maybe. Yeah, let's
get him more in that deep seat story.
It's said to be developing a new model
with advanced AI agent features to
compete with US rivals such as open AI.
Now, sources say the model can execute
multi-step tasks with minimal prompts
and learn from actions. They also say
founder fun is pushing for a fourth
quarter unveil as the industry awaits a
successor to R1, which of course rattled
rivals earlier this year. Let's bring in
Bloomberg intelligence Robert Lee. He
says Deepseek's plan model should help
it catch up to the likes of Alibaba. Our
senior analyst is with us right now. So
what did you make of this sort of update
on Deepseek? Was there much of an
update?
>> Uh okay, it's an evolving story. Um so
as you said in your your intro, Deepseek
made the headlines back in Janu January
with its you know highly innovative
lowcost R1 model. The company actually
launched prior models to that at the end
of last year but we can talk about that
another time maybe. So the update to R1
referred to as the R2 has been highly
anticipated in the market. It was um
scheduled apparently for release in May
but that was delayed. So I guess part of
the story relates to the reasons behind
that delay. Um again unconfirmed but it
looks obviously because the CEO sets a
very very high bar a high standard. He's
looking to add aentic functions to the
new model uh in order to uh try and
catch up with the likes of Alibaba etc.
which I'd say arguably have got a lead
on them at the moment. And then
secondly, there were earlier unconfirmed
stories um that it was the ongoing
shortage of AI accelerator chips in
China uh which caused this delay.
Exactly, you know, where the truth is,
we don't know. There's probably truth in
both of these uh stories.
>> Just let's pick up on that theme around
competition with Alibaba. I mean why is
it that you think Alibaba's out ahead
and and where is Deepseek position then
competitively in the market landscape
there but also against peers in the US?
>> Okay. Uh third party data says it. So
one of the main um benchmarking uh
services that we follow is called live
bench. So we publish a regular product
on a terminal looking at the monthly
data. If you look at the data for August
um Alibaba was the only Chinese LLM to
rank in the top 15. It was a list that
was completely dominated. If I recall,
nine out of the top 15 spots were
dominated by Open AI. Now, having said
that, two things. The gap between the
performance of all these leading models
isn't particularly high. So, it's not as
if the performance of Open AI, good
though it is, is an order of magnitude
greater. So, that's the first thing. And
then the second thing, these performance
papers are very volatile. So even though
most Chinese bots or have dropped out of
the list this month, this wait and see.
I think you know I think we you know we
keep the faith China there's clear
evidence that China it's a two- horse
race between China and America at the
moment.
>> Um and Chinese uh AI engines and chat
bots, you know, extremely competent.
>> I mean are is Deepc ever going to make
money? That's one question. And will we
ever see an IPO at some point too?
>> Yes. Um I think similar to open AI who's
was set up on altruistic almost
charitable basis in the early days
although again that's an ongoing saga
and debate um the same applies to
deepsek so I think you know their
primary purpose that they see and the
the CEO has said this on the record is
is to help seed the technology help
proliferate it within the broader um
economy and that certainly ties in with
what the government is trying to do at
the moment. So, um, it does charge for
some services, particularly API access,
but I don't think it's a profit-
seeeking company. And therefore, if
that's the case, it's probably less
likely at this point, unless it
completely changes its focus, um, that
it will come to market. There are other
more likely candidates, you know, let's
even see if Manis does.
>> Manis, yeah. Now, of course, redomiciled
in Singapore, though, and more of a
global focus as well from from that
company as well. That was our our
Bloomberg intelligence analyst there,
Robert Lee. But let's stay on China and
talk about the social media firm Xiaoong
Shu because we had this breaking news
earlier. The company's looking at giving
a rosy fulyear projection telling
investors that profit could triple this
year. Earlier as well, we reported that
its valuation had surged to $31 billion.
Our asset allocation reporter Echo Wong
joins us now. So you were on that report
yesterday about this surge in valuation
to $31 billion. But how should we think
about that change and also the
profitability question as well?
>> Right. Um so um just remember this is
one of the leading Chinese internet
companies that still remain private
these days. So a lot of this valuations
and profits are you know what the
company tell the investors right per se.
Um so obviously there's a lot of
excitement in terms of you know how
through a fund transactions LP stakes
transactions that we are able to capture
the sort of latest development of
Xiaoongu which is sort of like the
analog for Instagram uh these days in
China. Um there's a lot of excitement
about it to be a public listing company
even um so obviously it reflects a
border train trend of um investors
excitement of the China internet space.
Yeah, it seems like we're seeing those
animal spirits, right? I mean, what does
the valuation tell us about sentiment
overall in the China tech investment
space?
>> Um, obviously, um, you know, just
looking at the Xiaomu, uh, example,
right? It's valuation surge literally
from the same fund that we track since
the first quarter, it searched 19%
in three months time. So obviously
investors are giving it a lot of uh
confidence in terms of where the company
is going and if we think about the
profitability of the company that's on
track to also double from its 2024 1
billion investors are paying a lot of
attention in terms of you know how um
this um platform which basically people
these days use it as trouble guidance
you know influencers sell all kind of
goods on it they're betting on this
model to work and there's a lot of um uh
expectations as well on the China consum
consumer space. So I think it plays into
a bigger story in on the tech plus
consumer um um space. Echo, thank you.
Echo Wong there joining us there on Xiao
Hong Shu. Uh coming up, China pledging
closer ties with North Korea after Xi
Jinping hosted Kim and Russia's Vladimir
Putin at a military parade this week. We
have details coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the stories that we're tracking
this morning. Well, European leaders are
pledging to provide security guarantees
for Ukraine if a ceasefire takes hold.
France says 26 countries are ready to
contribute to guarantees including
troops. President Emanuel Macron says US
support for the measures will be
finalized in the coming days, although
the White House didn't comment.
Sources say President Trump will rename
the Department of Defense to the
Department of War. It's a moniker that's
been used or not been used rather since
the 1940s. Trump is expected to sign an
executive order on this on Friday. The
changes include renaming the Pentagon's
briefing room to the Pentagon War annex
and modifying the department's website
and signage. All right, time to look for
what's trending in China. Look what's
making headlines in domestic media and
state broadcaster CCTV is reporting on
President Xi Jinping's call for
international cooperation on AI, saying
it is a global public good. In a letter
to the World Intelligent Industry Expo
in Chongqing, she said that China is
willing to work with other countries on
AI governance frameworks and technical
standards. But she's meeting with North
Korean leader Kim Jong-un is what's
dominating media coverage today. The
reports say they reaffirm their
country's long-standing relationship and
pledge to safeguard their common
interest. Now, a photo of their
handshake, there you go, is displayed
prominently on the front page of the
People's Daily along with she's meeting
with other world leaders and really
highlighting a busy busy week when it
comes to diplomacy.
>> Absolutely. I mean, you sort of go from
from the SEO for instance right into the
military parade and it's it's been quite
exceptional really. I mean, you had
she's meetings for instance with
Vladimir Putin, Narendra Modi, Kim
Jong-un. I mean, widely shown as as a as
a show of defiance against the US.
It's hard to steal the spotlight away
from President Trump, but I think
President Xi won this week.
>> Uh even got the president of the US to
talk about it, right, and tweet about
it. So, he was also watching as well.
But yeah, those those really remarkable
scenes like like this one, right? The
the handholding, the hugging between the
likes of Modi, Putin, and she was really
what dominated the headlines here and
really kind of signaled where this whole
world order is going to look like and
the the shifting of that here uh when it
comes to energy security, right? You
talk about the energy deal between
Russia and China that came out of this
week as well. The the the integration we
could see economically between all three
of these nations as well and it really
bodess the question of alternatives to
the US dollar and the like. So certainly
is it a strategic reset? People keep
questioning that or is it something
that's more tactical against what we've
been seeing with this is is a USled
world order.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I think that was
sort of as you said one of the key
takeaways was that that energy that you
saw that the the new the new deal around
the pipeline for instance from Russia
into China. I mean Russia's been pushing
back on that for a number of years but
managed to get it across the line here.
I mean if you were to talk about any big
moment away from the week it was the the
hot mic moment as well.
>> Organ transplants
>> organ transplants living to 150. It's
it's all possible. And it certainly of
course is always when you put in those
questions like lowering term limits,
eliminating term limits, you know,
family dynasties as well. I mean, it's
all really in play. But China's military
parade, of course, where we had that hot
moment on Wednesday was very carefully
scrutinized. That's after President Xi
moved to purge nearly a fifth of the
generals he's appointed. That topic is
the focus of our weekly doc and how the
shakeup could reshape China.
This is the world's largest military.
>> An elaborate military parade showcasing
new weapons. Really a show of force for
China on the global stage.
>> Pi Jinping has made it a stated goal to
modernize China's military and turn it
into a fighting force capable of winning
wars.
>> But behind the choreography, it's
undergoing its most serious leadership
shakeup in decades.
During she's third term, 15 of the 79
generals promoted under him have either
gone missing or been investigated.
It's the biggest purge of China's
military personnel since the chaotic
Maong era ended in 1976.
Every time you think surely this is as
big as it can get and as high as it can
go, it does seem to just keep getting
bigger. He obviously wants to centralize
control even at the expense of having
people that he himself has personally
appointed removed from that party
structure. This is key as she nears a
potential fourth term that would stretch
his time in power to 20 years. The
global consequences will be farreaching
with tensions between the US and China
rising on many fronts. And then there's
this. A top US admiral says science
suggests China is sticking to its
ambitions to be ready to invade Taiwan
by 2027.
>> The competition between the United
States and China is the most dangerous
and the most impactful when it comes to
the militaries of these two countries.
Anything that changes the dynamic there
is inevitably going to change the way
the world works politically,
economically, technologically in big and
small ways.
>> Yeah, that was just a snippet.
subscribers can really watch the
documentary in full right now on the
terminal or at bloomberg.com. It'll be
available later on on the Bloomberg
Originals YouTube channel. Kept me
hooked. Got to watch the rest of it. If
you're a subscriber, you want to watch
that interview of course and everything
that goes on in our shows. Our TV
function there. TV go is where you go.
You can become part of the conversation.
Send us instant messages, questions for
our guests throughout the show. Check it
out at TV go.
[Music]
Well, President Trump's nominee for the
Fed's board of governors, Steve Moran,
has pushed back against Democratic
concerns that he would do Trump's
bidding at the central bank. Bloomberg's
Mike McKe has the latest from Iran's
confirmation hearing in Washington.
>> The potential new Fed governor has a
mostly traditional economic background,
a PhD in the subject, experience at
Treasury, and the White House. But
Steven Myron is not a conventional
candidate for the job. He would come to
the Fed as a fullthroated supporter of
President Trump's economic policies,
especially tariffs. Myron told the
Senate Banking Committee he would leave
those views at the White House.
>> I couldn't be more in agreement that
independence of the central bank is of
paramount importance for the economy,
for financial markets, for the long run
stewardship of the country. But Senate
Democrats weren't buying it, noting that
Myron has proposed significant reforms
to the Fed that would give the president
more control over monetary policy.
>> So let me ask you the question for the
third time. We want to understand your
independence. Donald Trump stated that
the BLS faked the job numbers before the
election to try and boost Kla's chances
of victory. Do you agree with that? Yes
or no?
>> The Bureau of Labor Statistics did not
take corrective action to improve the
quality of steadily deteriorating
>> agree with the statement that they faked
numbers. Myron also raised hackles when
he told the committee he would not quit
his job at the Council of Economic
Adviserss, simply take an unpaid leave
of absence and return to the CEA when
his Fed term is up. That would be the
definition of a revolving door as he
would still be an employee of Donald
Trump while making monetary policy
decisions supposedly independently.
>> Your independence has already been
seriously compromised by a statement.
You are going to be technically an
employee of the president of the United
States but an independent member of the
board of the Federal Reserve. That's
ridiculous.
>> In the end, Myron was singed but not
burned. Republicans have a two vote
majority on the banking committee and
Myron's nomination is expected to be
approved and sent to the Senate floor
perhaps as early as next week. Michael
McKe, Bloomberg, Capitol Hill.
And that was Bloomberg's Mike McKe
reporting on Steven Myron's confirmation
hearing for the Fed's Board of Governors
here. Um, some of the political stories
that we're tracking today, Bloomberg has
learned that the US Justice Department
has opened a criminal investigation into
whether Federal Reserve Governor Lisa
Cook committed mortgage fraud. Sources
say federal prosecutors have issued
subpoenas seeking information related to
the allegations. Last month, Trump moved
to fire Cook before she sued the
administration to stay on the job and
maintains she never committed mortgage
fraud. India and Singapore have signed
new deals to deepen cooperation in AI
and semiconductors along with agreements
in shipping and aviation. During his
visit to India, Singapore's Prime
Minister Lawrence Wong said skill
centers and R&D links are also coming.
The visit comes as US tariffs rise to
50% on Indian imports, prompting New
Delhi to seek expanded trade ties. The
Financial Times is reporting Anthropic
will stop selling AI services to groups
majority owned by Chinese entities
including Bite Dance, Tencent, and
Alibaba. The report says it's because
Anthropic is trying to prevent Chinese
tech from benefiting its military and
intelligence services. Sources told the
FT that the policy will take effect
immediately.
Taking a look at how markets are going
this morning. We are just nearly 90
minutes into trade so far and we're
seeing some modest upside for for
Chinese equities. I mean I think the big
question we're actually not so much for
the for the sub indexes. You can see the
China X for instance at nearly 4% but of
course one of the biggest selloffs
yesterday in the session. And I think
the question though is is this going to
be something that regulates regulators
want to see or or do they want to see
more of a pull back because there's been
a lot of concerns about the health of of
the rally and and whether that was
looking sustainable or not.
>> Yeah, one day of selling might not be
enough um to assuage of course the
policy makers and the like here right as
you see right Shenzhen is still once
again on a tear once again up 4%. The
starboard's also up one and a half% as
well. So uh you are still seeing some
incremental buying when it comes to
those big you know darling stocks like
Capricorn here this morning as well. Uh
you take a look how CGBs and how they're
looking here this morning given the fact
that there is a CGB sale here today and
not much movement. Uh but you are seeing
the 30-year yield at least tick slightly
higher. We're just up about one basis
points uh for that 30-year yield just
above that 2% level here as well. Sunai
of course just reported earnings there
and they were a bit of a disappointment.
uh the stock is down some one and a half
percent. So uh that sh those properties
there SHK uh on the weak sales target
that came through from the developer
here this morning. Uh in terms of what
to watch for the hang here as well,
obviously we've been tracking uh a
little bit of stabilization there as
well. Right, we're up about 2/3 of 1%.
Uh obviously it seems like onshore is
doing a little bit better than the
offshore markets here today. Uh but
again, we still have a lot to look ahead
to for the next couple hours. the US
jobs support. Uh we have you know when
it comes to inflation numbers uh in
China and the like of course and also
inflation out of the US as well next
week.
>> Yeah. I mean I think I think the big one
obviously coming up next is the US jobs
report. I we have we've had so far the
payrolls data or private payrolls data.
We've had the Jolts data as well and
that's that's really been on the weaker
side. So is what we get in the jobs
report today going to further build that
case in for a Fed rate cut later this
month? I mean certainly uh we've seen
bond traders, currency traders really
bracing for it but also probably looking
to solidify views more than anything
else. It's going to take really a
shocking number, I think, to to unseat
these views around easing
>> estimates for 75,000. I think anything
sub 50,000, that's when you start to
worry that it's not just about this kind
of goldilock scenario where it's a slow
deterioration in the labor market. It
starts to bring up concerns about
stagflation and the like here. Uh but
certainly that's going to be one to
watch, right? I think one analyst put it
very interestingly. the Fed's free pass
on the labor market has ended because
ever since that last jobs report, I
think the market has significantly
shifted the focus now uh in terms of the
labor market over inflation.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, we had that
we had that the the calls also coming
out of of the the Fed bank of Fed New
York President rather uh John Williams
saying that it's it's an appropriate
time to begin easing, but also just
talking about it's a really delicate
balancing act. On the one hand, the Fed
does need to look at at the the jobs
market, but they also need to take a
look at the the inflation risks and the
risk of anything being too restricted
for too long. That also increases the
risks to the employment picture as well.
>> Yeah. So, that's going to be one thing
to watch. Uh, in particular here, I
think there's an interesting surveys
about the reaction we might see. I think
it's pretty split, right? I think 22 V
research came out with a survey there. I
think it was like 36% expect riskoff
reaction from this jobs report. uh 35%
mixed and then riskcon is about 29%. So
it could really go either way. Um so
certainly that's the big thing to watch
in the next few hours as well and really
how this kind of shifts the dynamic
among the Fed. Of course you mentioned
uh Waller also was the one that talked
about multiple cuts uh for to end the
year. So certainly the market is pricing
too. How much more could we see in terms
of that uh the market pricing and how
much that could shift? Thailand markets
are opening up in the next hour and
certainly watch India very closely as
well. But you know, we are right now
underway uh this voting process in the
parliament for the new PM and Anutin of
course has been slated to possibly be uh
the winner in this and be the next prime
minister. Uh and it's certainly we've
seen a revolving door around that as
well.
>> Yeah, I mean we're talking about the
third prime minister in two years for
the country. So certainly it has been a
period of political upheaval. But that
big question who would be replacing
Pyong Tan Shinn what I mean it should be
answered